don't be fooled by people telling you
that the Greek has some special nugget
that you can't find in English in your
king james bible and that your bible
doesn't say what the greek really means
because when they do that they are
undermining your faith in the Bible and
telling you to have faith in them hi I'm
David Daniels from chick publications a
perfect example of this is the Heavenly
Father's love for the Sun people say
there are two words for love in greek
they call them agape love and full L
love they say they mean two completely
different things and often they'll tell
you which one is which in which Bible
verse but let's look at John 335 and
John 520 both of them say the father
loved the son the one has the one Greek
word and the other has the other Greek
word for love why could this be the King
James translate both of these with the
same English word all these translations
that finish the fringe the German the
Polish the Portuguese the Spanish the
Romanian even translations back into the
Hebrew also will use the same word in
both vs but that's not all you know that
controversial chapter John 21 verses 15
to 17 where Jesus says to Peter lovest
thou me all these same versions through
history also used the same word to
translate both weak words why did they
use the same word because they knew they
both mean the same thing don't be fooled
when someone tells you that the Greek
has some special negative can't find in
your king james bible and your bible
doesn't say what the greek really means
what the guys really saying is don't
trust your Bible trust me god bless you
I have a wonderful day